Table of Contents
Table of Contents	ii
Revision History	ii
1.	Introduction	1
1.1	Purpose	1
1.2	Document Conventions	1
1.3	Intended Audience and Document Overview	1
1.4	Project Scope	1
1.5	References	1
2.	Overall Description	2
2.1	Product Perspective	2
2.2	Product Features	2
2.3	User Classes and Characteristics	2
2.4	Operating Environment	2
2.5	Design and Implementation Constraints	2
2.6	User Documentation	2
2.7	Assumptions and Dependencies	3
3.	System Features	3
3.1	System Feature 1	3
3.2	System Feature 2 (and so on)	4
4.	External Interface Requirements	4
4.1	User Interfaces	4
4.2	Hardware Interfaces	4
4.3	Software Interfaces	4
4.4	Communications Interfaces	4
5.	Other Nonfunctional Requirements	5
5.1	Performance Requirements	5
5.2	Safety Requirements	5
5.3	Security Requirements	5
5.4	Software Quality Attributes	5
6.	Other Requirements	5
Appendix A: Glossary	5
Appendix B: Analysis Models	6
Appendix C: Issues List	6


1 INTRODUCTION 
The following section provides an overview of the derived Software Requirements Specification (SRS) for the Fresh Foods and Ordering System.  To begin with, the purpose of the document is presented, and its intended audience outlined. Subsequently, the scope of the project specified by the document is given with a particular focus on what the resultant software will do and the relevant benefits associated with it. To conclude, a complete document overview is provided to facilitate increased reader comprehension and navigation. 
1.1	Purpose 
The purpose of this SRS is to outline both the functional and non-functional requirements of the subject online Fresh Food ordering system.  In addition to said requirements, the document also provides a detailed profile of the external interfaces, performance considerations and design constraints imposed on the subsequent implementation.  It is the intention that the presented set of requirements possesses the following qualities; correctness, unambiguousness, completeness, consistency, verifiability, modifiability and traceability.  Consequently, the document should act as a foundation for efficient and well-managed project completion and further serve as an accurate reference in the future. It will not only provide an extensive capacity for project planning and progress assessment, but it will further assist with developer. To this audience group, this SRS should convey and confirm the required functionality and represent a contractual agreement between the involved parties. 
1.2 DOCUMENT CONVENTIONS:
As the development team is responsible for the SRS document, no ambiguity arises from its usage. This document presents a detailed explanation of the objectives, features, user interface and application of fresh food online ordering system. It will also describe how the system will perform and under which it must operate. In this document it will be also shown user interface. Both the stakeholders and the developers of the system can benefit from this document.
1.3 Intended Audience and Document Overview
This document is intended for different types of readers such as customer, system designer, system developer and tester. By reading this document a reader can learn about what the project is implemented for and how it will present its basic ideas. This document has a sequential overview of the whole project so if a reader reads the document from top to bottom, he will get a clear idea about the project.  
1.4 Scope 
 This system will help to manage and run the online ordering business systematically. In this ordering system, we will provide an app that can be used by the customers to order food. Customers can also give feedback through this app. So that we can evaluate the whole system. This will ultimately lead a trustable and successful opportunity to develop this online business and better service for customer so that they can get the foods quickly. Customers can also make payment through bkash, debit or credit cards using POS which will be integrated with the management software. Customers can see current discount facility of the fresh food. All the information about daily expenses and profit will be saved in the system. Also, the required information’s about employees will be saved in the system which can be only accessed by the system admin.




1.5 References 
www.wikipedia.com-free online encyclopedia.
www.cnet.com -technology portal.
www.slideshare.net-the world's largest professional content sharing community.
IEEE Std 830-1998 IEEE Recommended Practice for Software Requirements Specifications. IEEE Computer Society, 1998. 
2.1 Product Perspective 
The fresh food online ordering System helps the admin to manage the system more effectively and efficiently by computerizing food ordering, billing and inventory control. 
The system processes transaction and stores the resulting data. Reports will be generated from these data which help the admin to make appropriate business decisions for the food. For example, knowing the number of customers for a particular area time interval, the admin can decide whether more products are required. The whole management system is designed for a online ordering system for fresh food. So that any customer can get it and can order it easily according to their needs.
 2.2 Product Functionality
 Whole functions will have performed through this order. 
 Fresh Food Order via App 
•	purchase Order
 Take Order 
 serve Purchase Order
 Payment 
 Available Fresh Food 
 Required foods
 Customer Information 
 Customer Review
2.3 Users and Characteristics
The Restaurant Management System has five active actors and one cooperating system. The customer can access the system through internet connection and order food. The admin can see the order and after checking the food he will tell the system that the food is available. The admin can get the confirmation of food from the food checker through the system and will be preparing to deliver it to the customer. The cashier can access the system and receive the payment from customers. The Admin can edit the price, count total earning and expenditure.
2.4 Operating Environment
Operating System: Minimum Windows XP or Windows VISTA. Better environment Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10. Language: Java It is need to use Smartphone to place food order in this system. Which will be running on Android Operating System. To maintain whole system these requirements can be followed to provide best environment
2.5 Design and Implementation Constraints 
There are some constraints which costs more for the system. If those constraints can overcome, then this whole system will perform best. They are- 1. IOS App and Windows App. 2. Information flow or data flow can be controlled and more effective. 3. Faster server system such as LINUX server. 4. Bengali language for Bangladesh.
2.6 User Documentation 
It will provide specific guidelines to a user for using the Fresh Food online ordering system.
2.7 Assumptions and Dependencies 
If this system has IOS and Windows app then customers who use such kind of smartphone (windows and ios) will be more benefited. 
3.1 External Interface Requirements 
There are many types of interfaces as such supported by this software system namely; 
•	User Interface
•	Software Interface 
•	and Hardware Interface. 
3.1.1 User Interfaces 
The user interface will be implemented using any android smartphone app browser. This interface will be user friendly. So that every kind of customer can place the fresh food order easily. Customers can also give feedback through it easily with some demo comment or if they are keen to write their review by own they can do it.
3.1.2 Hardware Interfaces
There shall be logical address of the system in IPv6 format.
3.1.3 Software Interfaces 
The system shall communicate with the Configurator to identify all the available components to configure the product. The system shall communicate with the content manager to get the product specifications.
3.1.4 Communications Interfaces 
Communication function required the Internet protocol version 6 and it will follow HTTPS. It will use FTP for whole system with local server. And email communication to device to device of the system
